Project reflection contains algo description.
# SETUP 
I think bat files only work on Windows. Also need to install MinGW c++ (g++):
1. Copy the inputs into the working directory of the batch/exe files. Create the output folder structure (outputs/small, outputs/medium, outputs/large).
2. Run the shuffle.bat file to create the initial greedy outputs
3. Repeatedly run overnight.bat to update the outputs

Outputs were generated by the .bat files which contain instructions to run .exe files. 

Every .exe file was generated by renaming an a.exe file generated by running g++ greedyrecurse.cpp in the directory. Every .exe file created was a result of changing some subset of these lines in greedyrecurse.cpp.

## Lines:
### Config:
- Line 20 - Changes the input type being worked (Small, Medium, Large)
- Line 29 - Changes whether or not all inputs will be checked. Set the last number to 1 if you want to check all inputs, 0 if you want to check specific inputs.
- Lines [30, 32] - Only change these if line 29 is 0. These choose the specific inputs that need to be checked, in the sequence small, medium large.
- Lines 85, 92 - Change the right side of the inequality of these if statements to eps if you want to keep new scores that are less than or equal to your current optimal score. Set the right side of these inequalities to -eps if you only want scores that are less than your current optimal score (only improve the score).
- Lines [278, 282] - Keep this if you want to check all inputs in needFixing. 
- Line 283 - Only uncomment this if lines [278, 282] are commented out. Chooses a specific case to test.

### Greedy:
- Lines [137, 142] - Keep these commented out usually. Only use these if the shuffle (line 146) and reverse (line 147) are commented out. This changes sets order in which locations are processed. Current sort sorts locations based on distance to the middle ((D / 2), (D / 2)). 
- Line 146 - Processes the locations in a random order. Usually don't comment this out.
- Line 147 - Comment this out if you don't want to reverse the order in which locations are processed.
- Lines 163, 177 - Changes the type of sweep being conducted. Only works if line 180 isn't commented out. Says greedy must follow a sweep order. I.E if the statement is y-value == maxY, greedy will only consider points with the maxY value at every iteration.
- Line 180 - Whether or not you want the sweep to take place. Comment this out if you want to do normal greedy instead of sweep greedy.
- Line 194 - Changes when you want greedy to start considering the number of towers a potential tower location has penalties with. This priortizes choosing the location that intersects with the least amount of towers. Otherwise, greedy chooses the first location that covers the most cities in your location processing order (Lines ([137, 142], 146, 147)). Having the right side of this inequality be 1000 will cause this condition to be applied to every iteration of greedy. Having the right side be 0 will cause this condition to only be applied at the last iteration of greedy (where one tower can cover everything). It is always optimal to have this be >= 0.

### Recursing:
- Line 236 - Only uncomment this if line 237 is commented out. Sets some suffix of the current solution to be fixed going into the recursal. Changes the most recently placed towers.
- Line 237 - Sets the fixed towers going into the recursal to be random. The recursal chooses a prefix of this array, so shuffling will fix a random subset of towers to the new set of base towers.
- Line 239 - Chooses the number of towers to be fixed going into the recursal. Sets a left bound and right bound on the number of towers going into the recursal.
- Line 242 - Keeps the same solution, don't change anything. Used to update scores that were off.
- Line 243 - Uncomment this if you just want to run greedy, without fixing any towers.
- Line 254 - Prints out the scores of your new solutions, used for debugging by case.


The majority of outputs were generated through just shuffle and recurse.
## Settings for shuffle:
- Line 20: Depending on small, medium or large
- Line 29 - Last number 1
- Lines 85, 92 - (-eps) on right side.
- Line 283 - Commented out.
- Lines [137, 142] - Commented out.
- Line 146 - Uncommented
- Line 147 - Commented out.
- Line 180 - Commneted out. (no sweep).
- Line 194 - 1000 on right side.
- Line 236 - commented out.
- Line 237 - Uncommented
- Line 239 - leftBound: max(1, originalSolution / 2). RightBound: max(1, orginalSolution - 1).
- Line 242 - Commented out.
- Line 243 - Uncommented.
- Line 254 - Commented out.

## Settings for recurse:
- Same as shuffle except line 243 is commented out.
